>> Sarah Drasner: So
Apply This To Real Dev.
I did this like, okay,
what if I was gonna redo a site?
What if I was gonna change
an experience based on animating and
revealing information?
So I'm on a trip exploring a city.
Last year, I went to Spain.
And I love Lonely Planet.
It has such great content.
So I go to Lonely Planet.
And I look up Barcelona, but
I go there and
down here I'm like okay which site to see.
I think I'm gonna go
to La Sagrada Familia.
I've heard good things about that,
so I click on that.
And what should I do next?
Well if I go to this map section
of La Sagrada Familia, there's
a pub and something else that doesn't
seem interesting and that's really it.
This is a static JPEG,
it's not explorable or anything.
So I wanna find another site or
maybe lunch and then another site and
then dinner, right?
That's kind of what you do
when you explore a city.
But then I go back, and then it's
different somehow, I don't know why.
And then I go to Food and Drink.
And these all look good, but I don't
know if they're in the same area, and
if I have to go across town for
no reason, or what?
So then I go there's a map section,
launch maps view.
But really that has a few sites, but none
of the food or any of the other stuff.
So I'm like, all right,
this is good content but
I can't really navigate it the way
that I need to for this trip.
So I go over Google Maps, and Google Maps
is great because if I know where I'm
gonna go,
I know it can kind of locate that for me.
I wouldn't be able to find
La Sagrada Familia from here,
if I go to Google Maps and be like
show me cool things, it's like what.
Cannot find cool things like [LAUGH].
So I go to get La Sagrada Familia and
cool, I say restaurants in the area and
I find a bunch of restaurants in the area.
But I don't really know, and
like maybe bars and pubs, but
between these two views,
there’s no idea of each other.
They don't know each other.
And I don't know another
site from there either.
And their content is not so good, so
look at all of these 4.1 of what.
It doesn't really show me what those are.
I can send each one to my phone,
which is really cool, but
I'm sending one offs to my phone, right?
And yeah the content that's what
the Google, a Google user five years ago,
five star, I don't know [LAUGH], really?
I'm not sure.
So okay I made this demo.
Here's a trip planner, I write La Sagrada
Familia or just right in sites, and
I can kind of navigate my way
through different sites on this map.
And maybe I choose that one, and
then it shows me food in the area and
I can kind of go through
each one on that map.
And then I can maybe keep going and
find transportation and
other sites and other food.
But then as soon as I'm done
selecting a bunch of them,
I can send all the itinerary to my phone.
And the only difference,
we went through 20 different views on the
other thing across two different sites.
And the difference between the two is
that we used animation to kind of guide
the user, and show the user the
information that they needed at the time
and obscure the things that they didn't
need, and that's really great, right?
We're not trying to understand
everything at once.
We're kinda dealing with
things one at a time.
The other thing I want you to
think about with this demo is
it's not something that was additive.
The animation wasn't added on later.
The animation was part of the experience.
We didn't just create the whole thing and
slap it on.
It was an intrinsic part of the UX.
It was an intrinsic part
of what we built out
in the whole concept of
what we were creating.
So if animation is really
important to your site, and
it's doing a good job,
it is a part of this site.
It's not something that was additive,
people can tell when they're having
an additive animation experience.
They're waiting for
something and to do something.
Really animation should be
helping you do something.